hi friends how are you doing
fine i went to mine a little and
add some useful stuff to us
how are these
of which we make an instrument excellent
it has rained his third of which is Diana
tools are we recycle is me
I do not know what but if you hover on it and
press shift then the light will bullseye
I tell you here we have some kind of ingot and
stone well and shorter in almost every home
there is such a thing in the mine Yaschenko forty
three coals barely
court rather dug out 12 in general, these things
just there a bunch of us lying around and so why
would i like to start
Well, I don’t know anything here, that is
I do not even know how it is
hard to craft because I don't know
what is it that this is so well and perhaps I
I think we need and I would also like
to talk about such a fashion that stands at the
this server adds this mod
several new biomes are all i
saw this autumn forest there just
multicolored village
trees falda so to speak the cathedral is not yet
no cathedral such densely planted trees
in this forest and the trees are so tall
that I do not know higher than the highest
the village is a tree in the jungle
same white but there they are planted more we cut
I also saw the dead desert just
repainted desert i don't know what
difference
so what else did i see saw the forest purely in
which there is oak and birch here such here
fox there is still pure icy byul then
is there just ice from the snow just
nothing more play water games
here is still white pure where is the grass
look here we have the land yes this
brown is a poop that is in this
Biomed stupidly all grass such
and she more she more like to say here
a tree from the autumn forest looks more like it
i.e
thick or not dark here
and all the bands on yak for so but I don't think
that you need to start industrial since
it's generally very hard you look at
Kraft you have a rotar
well i know maybe i'll get it
in three months because I am wrong
here it is now okay it is also so generally
I was told that there is a mod
which replaces all these moderators all
bullshit
that is, no substitute is crafted just
easier so it will be that coaches so
I'll go take notes on this include flour
still see what we have we no well
not your necras here in this panel where
You can watch craft any frames then
have you just point to the subject and
click to that is our Russian and here
you are shown how to forgive you so souls
the hordes and how the soul forge crafts do not know
such I won
boron
what for
ok gypsum that we have here and the forest
rain
yes it is here forestry on the floor wash
purses are forbidden because of
of what to say in a year with the help
them dyupat portal gun
these children yes you can take it
just slabs and here here and so the mind is not
can just get a beetle and be
there I certainly don’t know what this is
tree where in general is very interesting what
this tree records is ok ok
I will add all our resources to kinash and
big stuff
little chest I don't know what that is
look this is terrible just me in general i
I don't know what it is
that is, I still suspect well one hundred pounds
worth this mod on different worlds it now
very popular on minecraft servers
as I looked in the top well
everything
this is our brand
and this is what is the mark okay like
let's see what we have here
let's get through all the same so years and
knot looks like a year like
This ingot and washed know hellishly hellishly
like a demonic
here it is, and from these balls
by the way kraft that green thing moan
pains in gorenas this is a working pen okay
it can not be done well
just forbidden
so it is with us than it is with us train
okay train zashib here you can that is
take make a train and ride how much
get zashibis they hair so okay so
shield nifigase shield scraper something difficult
I do not know what kind of pieces check bath time
explain everything so here are more features
give warcraft then there is
how to say
improved then these mountains
improved packs ie see how many
10 million injure 1 million energy to
leave as much as we can of course
a place you do not have enough for this much and
ear hooked up
Well
we will be there and salam helmet help you
just running about your navel
energy is produced
as far as i remember such
the thing you are of her that is you are telling
this green garbage falls out of it
I suspect they have such a thing too
there is a little bit so what then is it
here you go
okay we then in the course they are here it's just
dehydrator
okay
yet where is
hi
why
and dan something I don't want to be straight
Tomorrow tomorrow at once, only finally can
hellish
ok well even if we start succeed
well here is 1 moderator on what is
gold work
generator repair but I even have a neve
usually no because I pissed
sprouts in this
and
with us. she posed herself through . I
say will be okay bailiff through
well here so let me perhaps
finish this series and of course she
It turned out fast incomprehensible and almost
did nothing and did not tame
our wolf it's raining I'm wet and wet
what to say thanks to everyone who watches
like and subscribe to the channel
I hope the next series will be
more interesting I think of something for everyone
until